Updated the comparision between Page/MF URLs with the DeepLink module (#6935)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/appstore/modules/deep-link.md

| Solution  | Description | Advantage                                                 | Disadvantage                                                 |
| ---------------- | ---- | --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | URL property | This property is availaible both for [pages](/refguide/page-properties/#url) and [microflows](/refguide/microflow/#url). This is an out-of-the-box feature of Mendix Studio Pro and since Mendix 10.6 this is a recommended approach for most users. | Mapping is clearly configured in the application model. No setup is required. | Certain complex behaviors availaible in DeepLink are not supported (see `IndexPage`, `LoginLocation` constants) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| URL property | This property is available both for [pages](/refguide/page-properties/#url) and [microflows](/refguide/microflow/#url). This is an out-of-the-box feature of Mendix Studio Pro and, since Mendix 10.6, the recommended approach for most users. | Mapping is clearly configured in the application model. No setup is required. | Certain complex behaviors available in DeepLink are not supported (see `IndexPage`, `LoginLocation` constants) |
```

Reviewer: I disagree with the `IndexPage` and `LoginLocation`, in fact, you have full control over these. You can always change the `originURI` on the homepage, and the indexpage is simply whatever is the homepage of an anonymous user if I am understanding it correctly.

Reviewer 2: @wrdsnd please make a decision on this point with @Robinfr and commit a resolution

Author: @Robinfr I agree about the `LoginLocation` constant but `IndexPage` is used to control the html page name. 
From our docs:

`Alternative Index Page – If selected, the default index location (index.html) and the DeepLink.IndexPage constant will be overridden by this value. This is useful for theme-related use cases, for example, index-dark.html.`

Author: I guess, we can remove this part of the comparison for now because it's not fully clear if anyone actually needs these DL-only features. Some of them are basically hacks anyway :D
